Thank you so much for your visit see you later sister Elsa is
Also gonna die oh
We don't know yet
Can't you hope it just fix her? Oh
Honey
He's already done something to help her. Do you remember who he sent?
Jesus
But how does that help her now?
Hmm
Do you remember how long Adam was supposed to live forever?
But then he didn't listen to Jehovah and ruined everything
Since we are all Adam's children that means we also get sick old and eventually died
But what hope did Jehovah give us?
He sent Jesus to give his life in place of the one that Adam lost
How could he do that?
Because he was perfect like Adam, but he obeyed Jehovah
Yes
Thanks to Jehovah for giving us Jesus as the ransom now. We all have the hope of living forever in paradise
And when we are going through tough times like right now
That hope can get us through